there are a lot of fun traditions for
Halloween but there's not much in the
way music there are a few dumb songs at
the Monster Mash but there's never this
is not like a Halloween choir you don't
have Halloween carols which is a shame
because kids are already going door to
door and we wanted to give that a shot
and change that up and so with that said
I'd like you to please welcome if you
will the Robert zombie middle school
Halloween choir
[Applause]
[Music]
just over there
what's going on here you're a security
guard do something well yeah this is
crazy I'm not the way anything Jimmy
[Applause]
[Music]
something music because it's bothering
me a little bit okay well what are you
guys doing here
hey girls that was really cute it was
really nice and everything the song is
great but we have to move on with the
show we have guests and stuff so if you
could just just skedaddle right out of
here okay
stop taking away our Halloween kids
really do say the darndest things don't
they
hi I'm Judy Kim oh I hope you enjoyed
that video hit subscribe and all your
dreams will come true
assuming your dreams are to watch more
YouTube videos